README.md, before:

# **[My stuff is on SourceHut](https://sr.ht/~jacksonchen666/)**

[give up on github](https://sfconservancy.org/GiveUpGitHub/)

<details><summary>things i still do on github (because it's on github)</summary>

- [synadm](https://github.com/JOJ0/synadm)
- complaining about the lack of licenses in a project on github ([example](https://github.com/mastodon/joinmastodon/issues/323))
- file bugs and issues ([example](https://github.com/hifi/heisenbridge/issues/249))
- [updating homebrew](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/142319)

</details>

<details><summary>Why did you make your activity private?</summary>

Because frankly, who cares? If you're here to write code, looking at
profiles for maybe some dopamine hits (or self-comparison and realizing
you're inferior in amounts of activity to [some random human who uses
computer and internet][nekopsykose]) is not going to achieve any code
writing. The code doesn't write itself, it has to be written (even with AI,
which [has it's own issues][aiissue]).

[nekopsykose]:https://github.com/nekopsykose

[aiissue]:https://drewdevault.com/2022/06/23/Copilot-GPL-washing.html

</details>

[My osu!lazer skin (releases)][skinreleases] ([extremely outdated
example][skinexample])

[skinreleases]:https://git.sr.ht/~jacksonchen666/osu-lazer-informational-argon-pro-skin/refs

[skinexample]:https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/26600

Commit message:

add note about the extra elements

README.md, after:

# **[My stuff is on SourceHut](https://sr.ht/~jacksonchen666/)**

[give up on github](https://sfconservancy.org/GiveUpGitHub/)

<details><summary>things i still do on github (because it's on github)</summary>

- [synadm](https://github.com/JOJ0/synadm)
- complaining about the lack of licenses in a project on github ([example](https://github.com/mastodon/joinmastodon/issues/323))
- file bugs and issues ([example](https://github.com/hifi/heisenbridge/issues/249))
- [updating homebrew](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/142319)

</details>

<details><summary>Why did you make your activity private?</summary>

Because frankly, who cares? If you're here to write code, looking at
profiles for maybe some dopamine hits (or self-comparison and realizing
you're inferior in amounts of activity to [some random human who uses
computer and internet][nekopsykose]) is not going to achieve any code
writing. The code doesn't write itself, it has to be written (even with AI,
which [has it's own issues][aiissue]).

[nekopsykose]:https://github.com/nekopsykose

[aiissue]:https://drewdevault.com/2022/06/23/Copilot-GPL-washing.html

</details>

[My osu!lazer skin (releases)][skinreleases] ([extremely outdated
example (has extra elements not included in actual skin)][skinexample])

[skinreleases]:https://git.sr.ht/~jacksonchen666/osu-lazer-informational-argon-pro-skin/refs

[skinexample]:https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/26600
